Add shared secret kapa (#4451)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/administration/configuration.md

  pprof-enabled = false
  https-enabled = false
  https-certificate = "/etc/ssl/influxdb-selfsigned.pem"
  shared-secret = ""

>   # The shared secret must match on all data and kapacitor nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The shared secret must match your InfluxDB OSS or InfluxDB Enterprise data node shared secret
  # and be set in all InfluxDB and Kapacitor nodes.
```
